Obama's legacy is sealed that's what we
keep hearing this week right gay
marriage and Obamacare legal legacy
secure Chuck at first of all I think you
need to reconsider your tone when
discussing the Supreme Court all right
secondly you shock it his legacy is
gonna rank up there with Joey
Buttafuoco's unless it makes unless he
makes a 180 look don't get me wrong
marriage equality is a huge deal and
every country should legalize it it's a
human rights issue but Obama didn't do
it the Supreme Court did and if we're
acting like Obama is responsible for
everything the Supreme Court does then
that certainly changes the story of who
vomited in the vase and the Lincoln
Bedroom Sotomayor is gonna be relieved
but I will admit Obama has been a huge
proponent of same-sex marriage I believe
that marriage is the union between a man
and a woman now for me as a Christian
he wasn't for marriage equality just a
few years ago when everybody who doesn't
wear NASCAR pajamas already knew that
marriage equality is the right way to be
a human being awkward secondly how does
this amount to his entire legacy while
gay marriage was passing the Supreme
Court fast track for the trans-pacific
partnership was passing through Congress
they pulled the old Matador trick on us
except instead of the red cape they
waved a rainbow flag look over there
don't look at the corporate takeover
eyes on the rainbow if you haven't heard
of the trans-pacific partnership what
the matter with you it's a corporate
takeover of the world and you were one
too busy watching two and a Half Men oh
- too busy picking belly button lint out
of your shop - Jonathan this president
also helped usher in the largest
surveillance state the world has ever
seen
monitoring the every move of his own
people a big brother 1984 style
destruction of everything that was once
a civil liberty so there's that not
exactly the type of thing you want on
the cover of your biography maybe maybe
it can maybe hide it in the back pages
you know somewhere near the story about
the time he accidentally bought Malia a
bike for her birthday
when she really wanted a pogo stick
whoopsy he's just a regular guy so what
did he do when the news of this massive
surveillance tape came out he said let's
arrest the man who told everyone about
it let's get Edward Snowden let's
literally imprison the messenger as we
learned in school if someone tells you
the sky is falling you shoot that man
all right
that man dead and then you use his body
to prop up the sky Snowden Snowden is
but one of the targets of this
president's war on whistleblowers war on
the people telling us there is something
wrong and corrupt in our government all
right Obama has prosecuted more people
under the Espionage Act then all other
presidents combined
an Act passed in 1917 intended to
prevent the support of us enemies during
World War one 1917 he can't use that law
we were like half monkeys back then but
that's not Obama's only war he's also
largely continued the war on drugs and
the war on immigrants but Fox News will
tell you Obama is the president of
amnesty for illegals and this is because
the way Fox News does their research is
by taking the words they like putting
them into a sack filled with rocks and
then beating themselves over the head
with it and once the room is spinning
they report the news in real world yeah
where you and I live Obama has deported
more immigrants than any president in US
history millions of people have had
their lives torn apart but let's not
forget he's also the man who said he was
going to hold Wall Street accountable
and prop up Main Street he did this by
overseeing a massive Wall Street bailout
then surrounding himself with Wall
Street goons to tell him how to run the
economy because you know what they say
if you want to clean up the economy you
better listen to Psychopaths trying to
steal as much as they can before the
whole thing burns to the ground oh wait
no one ever says that no one says that
so let's move to the most important
issue of our time climate change
you can't deny Obama has done a great
job on this
here's his own words in a public speech
in 2013 over the last three years I've
directed my administration to open up
millions of acres for gas and oil
exploration across 23 different states
sounds great
but he wasn't done we're opening up more
than 75% of our potential oil resources
offshore not sounding any better we've
quadrupled the number of operating rigs
to a record high you're just gonna keep
diggin in aren't you we've added enough
new oil and gas pipeline to encircle the
earth yeah sounds like a goddamn hippie
to me just like one of those guys with
dreadlocks who chained themselves to
bulldozers and apologized to every salad
before they eat it so maybe his legacy
is secure as a surveillance hungry
corporate coup devising DePorter in
chief who kept inflating the Wall Street
bubble exploiting millions of workers
and drilling for oil while our world
burned but look at the flag don't don't
look away from the flag
you don't want to see what's happening
behind the flag